The Joe Rogan experience.
We were just talking about, uh, Hagler before, um, the,
the podcast started and how crazy it is that he's gone. It's
I just can't believe it. It's just like, I thought that guy, like he was,
so he was so disciplined when I was a kid.
I remember I talked about it in his Instagram posts that I made. They had some,
um, some profile of him when he was prepared.
I think he was preparing for a Mustapha ham show and he was running on the
beach. And it was.
I was asking you about coal. I mean, watching you and Tyson was on the podcast,
right?
He's like he's running into snow screaming and I was trying to find it all week.
Man. I wish I could find it. Do you know where it is?
I couldn't find no other looking forward to no one can find it. I mean,
like top it in warranty each year, first, like threads about,
I heard her Brogan talk about,
I can't find it no way or that way to see that I'm not trying to find it.
Some local news shows like I was, I was probably like 15 and,
uh, I remember just watching it gone
cause he was in and he was doing sit-ups and push-ups and you know,
he was just so disciplined. Nobody was more conditioned than Hagler.
Nobody like he would just, when he fought Mugabi he just,
just kept the heat on them. Just kept a heat on all of a.
Sudden that.
That fight was crazy and Mugabi was putting people to sleep.
I remember I was working at this boxing gym and they were talking about Mugabi
like long before he fought Hagler,
but he fought this dude and gain brain damage. He like,
he knocked him out and he's like, the guy was never the same again. It's like,
there's certain guys that just have punching power.
That's just out of this world and Mugabi was one of them.
Do you remember Julian Jackson? Um.
No, I don't think so.
Julian Jackson was another one. He had this, they called him the Hawk.
He had this crazy punching power. I mean, he looked, he looked like a solid guy,
but for whatever reason, when that guy would touch people,
they would just stiffen up. Uh,
Julian Jackson is like one of the most ferocious power punchers ever in the
history of boxing.
I love haggling. I watched them all week, which is weird. Right?
Cause I'm watching Hagler for like by year, two years. I mean watching him,
but for some reason, um, I just felt that energy last week on fight week.
So from Sunday to, um, when I got to go to Vegas, I was just watching him,
watching him, watching him. Um,
I was posting on my Instagram even posted on my Instagram, um,
all week I was posted to him. And then, um,
just before I left to go to the apex, I was watching his fights.
Then I went to my room to have eyes on rest.
Then I got messaged out dead. As I read about you,
I just posted them like an hour ago. That's crazy. Crazy. Yeah. Well,
like I said, it's discipline in the way,
the way he worked and that's inspiration, inspiration to me, you know?
And uh, I watched a documentary that first fair to fights.
It didn't get paid no more than like say like $12,000 a week.
Could you do with no, like nobody want, nobody wants to fight him, you know?
And just, I took.
Inspiration from that. You know what else I love he got on top and he's like,
I'm done try to get a rematch missionary Leonard sugary Leonard said no.
And he's like, [inaudible] when I watched it,
it was a split decision. Right? I think it was. And so he just said, good,
I'm done. That's it out on top.
And then the rest of his life spoke well catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan
experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the Geri on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.